docs: subscribeToTransactionsWithProofs (#137)
dashevo/dapi-client: docs/usage/utils/subscribeToTransactionsWithProofs.md

> **Usage**: `async client.subscribeToTransactionsWithProofs(bloomFilter, options = { count: 0 })`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Usage**: `async client.subscribeToTransactionsWithProofs(bloomFilter, options = { count: 0 })`\
```
add line break after **Usage** and before **Description** for better readability

> **Description**: From a provided bloomfilter, will returns a ClientReadableStream streaming the transaction matching the filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: For any provided bloomfilter, it will return a ClientReadableStream streaming the transaction matching the filter.
```

| **bloomFilter.nFlags**     | Number           | yes            | A set of flags that control how matched items are added to the filter. |
| **options.fromBlockHash**  | String           | yes            | Specifies block hash to start syncing from |
| **options.fromBlockHeight**| Number           | yes            | Specifies block height to start syncing from |
| **options.count**          | Number           | no (default: 0)| Number of blocks to sync, if set to 0 syncing is continuously sends new data as well |

Returns : Promise<EventEmitter>|!grpc.web.ClientReadableStream<!TransactionsWithProofsResponse>

Example :

```js
const filter; // A BloomFilter object
const stream = await client.subscribeToTransactionsWithProofs(filter, { fromBlockHeight: 0 });

stream
      .on('data', (response) => {
        const merkleBlock = response.getRawMerkleBlock();
        const transactions = response.getRawTransactions();

        if (merkleBlock) {
          const merkleBlockHex = Buffer.from(merkleBlock).toString('hex');
        }

        if (transactions) {
          transactions.getTransactionsList()

>           .forEach((tx) => {

Reviewer 2: Can you shift it like you would in the actual code? Like so:
```
          transactions.getTransactionsList()
              .forEach((tx) => {
```

Author: Doing it right away!
